Add call to python compiler (#1715)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * Adds integration with PennyLane's experimental python compiler based on xDSL.
>   This allows people to write xDSL transformations.
>   [(#1715)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/1715)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add integration with PennyLane's experimental python compiler based on xDSL.
  This allows people to write xDSL transformations that can be used with Catalyst.
  [(#1715)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/1715)
```
